# 24.3.2 (2024-11-xx)

### Bug fixes

* The default recipient email address is correctly used

# 24.3.1 (2024-10-xx)

### Bug fixes

* Added explicit AUTHID DEFINER to all package and type specs to avoid warnings during vulnerability scan.

# 24.3 (2024-10-xx)

### Features

* Ability to execute post-actions when the monitoring job detects a job in timeout.
* New actions can be automatically created in order to send HTTP requests or GitLab HTTP requests.

# 24.2.1 (2024-09-xx)

### Bug fixes

* Vulnerability bug fixed.
* An entry is added to the log table when a job is started without valid schema name passed as parameter.

# 24.2

### Features

* The content of the log files generated by the regular Oracle Data Pump utility is also saved in the log table.
* The schema type is now optional in the schemas table.
* A mail is sent to the default user when the target schema of an import job does not exist in the configuration tables.
* A mail is sent to the default user when the schema of an export or transfer job does not exist in the configuration tables.
* Some deprecated functions and procedures have been removed.
* Some methods have been renamed.
* The logging has been improved with additional information.
* A same job can now be executed up to 1000 times a day instead of 100 before.
* When a job involving a database link is executed, the validity of the database link is checked and a correct error message is logged if needed.
* The "pusers" parameter is no more used since the new "expose" functionality of the DBM Utility achieves the same goal.
* The configurations can now be completely managed using the new API package ("dpp_cnf_krn"). There is no need to manually insert, update or delete configuration data in the database tables anymore.
* New export options have been implemented: DATA_FILTER, COMPRESSION, COMPRESSION_ALGORITHM, ENCRYPTION, ENCRYPTION_MODE, ENCRYPTION_PASSWORD, LOGTIME and DATA_REMAP.
* New import options have been implemented: DATA_FILTER, ENCRYPTION_PASSWORD, LOGTIME and DATA_REMAP.

### Bug fixes

* Remapping table spaces works now.
* Packages mentioned in the table of objects that should not be dropped are now taken into account.
* The instance name and environment name must not be unique anymore.
* The list of needed privileges of the customer schemas has been redefined and updated in the documentation.
* Processes are no more interrupted without sending a mail.
* The bug of the "dpp_job_krn.remove_files_older" procedure has been fixed. The directory is now correctly initialized.

# 24.1.1

### Bug fixes

* Table checksum was wrong when default unit for char column length was CHAR. Unit of char column length is now explicitly set to CHAR for all columns.
* Checksum of wrapped package DPP_SEC_VAR was platform dependent. Store wrapped code in DPP_SEC_VAR.pks instead of wrapping after installation.

# 24.1

### Features

* Added new timeout monitoring job.

### Bug fixes

* The functional name of a schema (dpp_schemas.functional_name field) must now be unique.

# 24.0 and before

* Not documented.
